-=- Proudly Presents -=-

Naval War: Arctic Circle (c) Paradox Interactive

Release On  : 16 April 2012          Disk Amount/Format : 1 CD ISO
Type of Game : Strategy                Media Protection  : Steam

Release Information

Strategic and tactical battles for world domination on, under and above
the open sea. Take command of the contemporary navies and air forces of
all the powers in the North Atlantic region to defeat your enemies

Naval War: Arctic Circle is a Real Time Strategy (RTS) game where the
player battles enemy naval and aerial forces for power and ultimate
world domination. The game includes real units from the United Kingdom,
Germany, the United States, Russia, the Scandinavian countries and
others. The game play takes place along the Norwegian and British
coast, through Iceland and Greenland all the way to the North Americas
and the North West Passage

Naval War: Arctic Circle has two full campaigns along with skirmish
missions and online competitive play. Ultimately, Naval War: Arctic
Circle tells a story about a power struggle for control of the world's
resources and supply lines in the Polar Regions

Features

Two campaign modes, telling a narrative from Russian and NATO sides

On-line play through LAN as well as over the Internet

Enormous area of game play space, with over 35 million square km of open
sea and coast line

Extreme long range guided and self-guided weaponry if you can detect
the enemy, it will be possible to strike

Vertical game play, from orbit aerial units to the bottom of the ocean
floor using a seamless zoomable map of the entire North Atlantic Ocean

Detection and evasion focus with realistic sensory measures and
countermeasures yielding a strategic game experience based on stealth
rather than head on tactical battle

Great detail in unit management with fewer but more powerful units
making selection and management more distinguishable and less cluttered
with an unparalelled level of individual detail

Realistic weather model, with real world implications for tactical and
strategical deployment of resources at hand

Real world units, with all major powers surface, subsurface and aerial
units, both contemporarry in service, as well as experimental and on
the drawing board

Burn/mount, install, copy crack, play

Use Launcher.exe, included with crack to set language

Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO

(C) E/dfs
" SIZE DOES NOT MATTER


False-Positive:

     
http://i.imgur.com/Kmv4j.png


Poster:

 
http://i.imgur.com/LsWLA.jpg


Screenshots:

 
http://i.imgur.com/aI3P0.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/v8wYA.jpg

 
http://i.imgur.com/x1q0a.jpg


ENJOY!