 http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p00rdjy1

The fourth leg of the journey begins in the most strategically important region
of the entire Indian Ocean. Forty per cent of the world's seaborne oil passes
through the narrow strait between Iran and the Musandam peninsular, a rugged
region of Oman. In this remote and other worldly region of vast cliffs and deep
inlets Simon witnesses a thriving smuggling trade between Oman and Iran and
visits the isolated village of Kumzar which boasts its own unique language and
a lifestyle that has changed little in centuries. For centuries Omani traders
sailed the monsoon winds across the Indian Ocean and Simon's next port of call
is one of their traditional destinations and one of the biggest cities on
earth. The packed mega-city of Mumbai is never more chaotic than during the
annual festival of Ganesh, and Simon joins the celebration as thousands of
statues are paraded to the Indian Ocean. During his visit Simon investigates
the impact of India√Üs booming population on the ocean and meets fishermen
reporting an alarming drop in fish stocks. But nowhere are the threats to the
ocean more apparent than in the Maldives archipelago. Simon is overwhelmed by
the beauty of the Maldives, one of the most beautiful locations he has ever
visited, but discovers that the breathtaking coral atolls face a series of
alarming threats. As well as snorkelling and free-diving with dozens of manta
rays, Simon witnesses the disturbing phenomenon of coral bleaching, which is
leading to a frightening decline in the world's coral reefs. Simon realises
even the paradise Maldives are not immune from the challenges facing the rest
of the planet, but nothing prepares him for an astonishing trip to the Maldives
rubbish island, a stinking toxic landfill dump for the island's waste.
