Page 6 Magazine Issues 01-85 (Dec 1982 - Sep 1998)

Page 6 (also known as "Atari Users Magazine" and "New Atari User") was
a long-running indie UK publication. Edited by Les Ellingham throughout
it's entire run, it covered Atari 8-bit and 16-bit micros, sticking to
mainly technical content with some game reviews. It stuck to it's indie 
roots throughout, even when it became a "proper" magazine, and the 
editor never shied away from speaking his mind, not just about Atari.
Publication lasted well into the 90's, although issues became more
sporadic as the magazine switched to an A5 format.

These PDFs are the compiled collections of page scans available on
public torrent trackers . They've been OCR'd to allow text searching and
copying - this should prove very useful for the retro archivist who'd
like to have their own local searchable archive. They look great on most
PDF readers, including the iPad.

The OCR software has done it's best, but has struggled in some places
due to the relatively low DPI of the source images. However, the layout
was fairly plain, so it's coped better than some other releases.

The file size is a bit larger than the combined size of the original JPG
images; I've done my best to make the PDF's as compact as possible
without losing image quality. Be grateful for cheap storage :)

More OCR'd scans will be periodically available - please check(or Google RetroPDFs) for more information.

Thanks to Martijn van der Heide for the wonderful World Of Spectrum site
(www.worldofspectrum.org), and all the visitors and donators to RetroPDFs
for their support.

90's style "greets" to anyone formally or currently involved in the
Amiga scene, especially Pazza, Mic Flair, Violator, Denzil, Tango, Fat
Will, mUb and Maximan, and anyone else who read or wrote for LSD
Grapevine. Nostalgia ain't what it used to be ;)

Ken D
fabwhack@gmail.com(Google 'RetroPDFs')
