************************************************************************

                        XxX Releasers Group

************************************************************************ 
Cover;
          Front
 
http://imgmug.com/img-50372ea7a9aec.html Back

Screens;
                       
http://imgmug.com/img-50372e950bf7e.html CD1
 
http://imgmug.com/img-50372e9e7417a.html CD2

*************************************************************************

Sandra Romain, Brenda, Pamela, Sheila Grant, Angel Rivas
Stella Johanssen, Teena Lipoldino, Alice Romain, Alice
Romainee, Mira Sunset, Valentina Valenti

Ten Of Christoph's Gaping Angels Get Off... On Spreading
Their Wings For Each Other And Their Toys!

Christoph Clark, Evil Angel's director of classic European
hard-core porn, is a wizard at capturing glamorous models
in nasty lesbian action. 'Top Wet Girls 12' features 10
exquisite women in raunchy sex play focused on big toys and
yielding assholes. Blonde vamp Valentina Valenti has a
special treat for her equally stunning and naturally
huge-breasted girlfriend, Sheila Grant. She brings
gorgeous, shorthaired brunette Stella Johanssen over for
some butt licking fun. The girls drill one another's
bunghole to wide gaping with large dildos and rim dilated
derrieres with eager tongues. Next, sultry Sandra Romain
and sleek, seductive Mira Sunset share a huge black
phallus, sucking the invader ass-to-mouth and reaming their
buttholes open with rubber-gloved fingers!

Exotic beauty Angel Rivas applies make-up alongside her
friend Brenda ... when the dark-haired sweethearts start
kissing, sparks fly. The sexy young ladies do each other on
the bathroom floor, getting extremely intimate with an
array of imposing anal tools. Lastly, knockout Teena
Lipoldino, lovely Alice Romain and blonde fox Pamela enjoy
separate solo masturbation sessions, then come together for
a volcanic, ass-plunging threesome. The nasty
femme-flavored filth in 'Top Wet Girls 12' is all-girl, all
anal, all wet!

This is the only Stella Johanssen video. Adult stars also
making their debut in this video: Teena Lipoldino, Alice
Romain, Alice Romainee, Mira Sunset, Valentina Valenti

Happy Masturbating