
.
A man once transformed himself into a woman and went on to take
Sexiest Showgirl on The Strip in 1991, Las Vegas Entertainer of
the Year in 1992, and Most Beautiful Showgirl in 1993.

Her name was Jahna Steele.  A dozen years after she was fired
when her birth gender became public knowledge, she hosted the
first ever "World's Most Beautiful Transsexual" pageant in Las
Vegas in 2004.  Trantasia is a fascinating documentary about
that pageant and its contestants.

Quoted from a review at the IMDB:
_________________________________

Set in the glittering fantasy world of Las Vegas, Trantasia is
a no-holds-barred behind-the-scenes look at the first-ever
Worlds Most Beautiful Transsexual Pageant and the 6 women who
will finally realize their diva dreams.

With the dramatic competition to win the crown and a starring
role in a sensational new Vegas Revue as a high-stakes
backdrop, Trantasia explores the intensely private and moving
stories of its extraordinary contestants.

Told through provocative hometown profiles and heartbreaking
one-on-one interviews, the film documents the often humorous,
always personal journeys of these true survivors. United by
common histories of hardship and persecution, their ultimate
triumph is a moving celebration of the human spirit.

Pushing the gender-bending envelope with a funny, profoundly
touching and thoroughly entertaining sensibility, Trantasia
combines the intense drama of this one-of-a-kind contest with
unforgettable, over-the-top characters competing for fame and
fortune in Sin City.
_________________________________

This is the full DVD, shot in full screen with English audio.
There are no subtitles.
.