N-Force / SNES Force Magazine Jul 1992 - Mar 1994

**Issue 5 fixed - sorry for the cock-up **

N-Force and SNES Force Magazines were published by Europress Impact, an
offshoot of Europress staffed by ex-Newsfield staff. The original
"N-Force" magazine covered all Nintendo consoles of the era, before
splitting into two magazines in July 93. The "new" N-Force focussed
solely on the NES/Famicom, whilst SNES Force covered the SNES / Super
Famicom. The NES-only N-Force lasted just two issues, whilst SNES Force
managed into double figures before disappearing when Europress Impact
was closed down.

These PDFs are the compiled collections of page scans available on
public torrent trackers . They've been OCR'd to allow text searching and
copying - this should prove very useful for the retro archivist who'd
like to have their own local searchable archive. They look great on most
PDF readers, including the iPad.

The OCR software has done it's best, but has struggled with some of the
more unusual fonts and layouts used and by the relatively low DPI of the
source images.

The file size is a bit larger than the combined size of the original JPG
images; I've done my best to make the PDF's as compact as possible
without losing image quality. Be grateful for cheap storage :)

More OCR'd scans will be periodically available - please check(or Google RetroPDFs) for more
information.

Thanks to Martijn van der Heide for the wonderful World Of Spectrum site
(www.worldofspectrum.org), and all the visitors and donators to
RetroPDFs for their support.

90's style "greets" to anyone formally or currently involved in the
Amiga scene, especially Pazza, Mic Flair, Violator, Denzil, Tango, Fat
Will, mUb and Maximan, and anyone else who read or wrote for LSD
Grapevine. Nostalgia ain't what it used to be ;)

Ken D fabwhack@gmail.com (Google 'RetroPDFs')
