PublicHD - High-Definition Bittorrent Community 
  https://publichd.eu 

 ----------------------------------------- 
The.Vampire.Diaries.S04E03.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 25.10.2012

The Rager

Connor continues his search to uncover the secrets
of Mystic Falls and tries to convince Jeremy to
work with him. With Dr. Fell's help, Damon and
Klaus question Connor, but the confrontation takes
a lethal turn. Trying to keep her new life as
normal as possible, Elena is determined to continue
her senior year at Mystic Falls High with support
from Matt and Caroline. Rebekah's arrival at school
makes it difficult for Elena to control her anger,
but she learns that confronting Rebekah can be
extremely dangerous. Later, Rebekah realizes how
alone she is, and reaches out to April. Stefan
takes Elena on a thrilling motorcycle ride in an
effort to show her that life can still be fun.
Tyler gets a surprise visit from Hayley, a werewolf
who helped him through the ordeal of breaking his
sire-bond to Klaus. Concerned about Elena, as well
as his own emotions, Stefan turns to a sympathetic
Caroline for advice

18/Slower
Evolve... or die

Enjoy

