- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!
 ............ NFO .............
-Malibu.Country.S01E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 02.11.2012

"Pilot"

Reba McKenzie very publicly discovers that her 
country music legend husband, Bobby Gallagher, 
has been cheating on her. Determined to get a 
fresh start and perhaps revive her own country 
music career, Reba packs up her sharp-tongued 
mother and two kids and drives cross country 
to live in Bobby's Malibu beach-front party 
pad. Once there, gregarious and over-sharing 
neighbor Kim immediately reaches out with an 
offer to mentor Reba as she adjusts to 
Southern California. With a new home and a 
much more liberal west coast set of rules, 
Reba, her kids and mom welcome the change, but 
soon realize that the open-mindedness of 
Southern California goes much farther than 
they'd expected. When Reba finds that trying 
to get her foot back in the music business is 
going to be an uphill battle, she befriends 
Geoffrey, the assistant to her record label's 
president -- who never seems to be in the 
office. Though overwhelmed and feeling out of 
place, Reba realizes that, all in all, family 
is what matters most, and they must learn to 
view their new Malibu lifestyle as a chance 
for a new beginning.

18/Slower+
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :)