Grimm.S02E09.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 26.10.2012

La Llorona

Despite the enthusiastic anticipation
of the citys residents for
Halloween, a series of horrifying
child abductions make their way to
Portland, quickly spoiling the
holiday spirit. Nick and Hank join
forces with Valentina Espinosa, a
mysterious detective from
Albuquerque, to help find and capture
the elusive suspect. Juliette joins
their investigation, acting as the
precincts fill-in Spanish
translator. The more Nick digs into
the case, the more he realizes the
pattern of the kidnapping matches
those in the famed Hispanic horror
story "La Llorona," a story with its
roots intertwined with his own
familys history. Meanwhile, Monroe
celebrates the holiday in fine style
as he teaches the neighborhood
bullies a lesson

18/Slower
Evolve... or die