THIS IS AN XGD2 ISO AND IS ONLY BE PLAYABLE WITH LT+1.9 or ABOVE!!!

Deadliest Warrior Ancient Combat XBOX360-iMARS

Based on the Spike TV series that pits two of the most feared warriors 
civilization has ever known against each other, Deadliest Warrior: 
Ancient Combat combines two explosive Deadliest Warrior games Deadliest 
Warrior: The Game & Deadliest Warrior: Legends ΓÇö into one package, and 
also adds a huge arsenal of additional weapons and features found only 
on this disc.

DEADLIEST WARRIOR: THE GAME ΓÇö Players can choose from historyΓÇÖs greatest 
warriors, equip them with signature weaponry, and go head to head against 
the greatest fighters that ever lived. Sever limbs, decapitate heads, and 
taunt your enemyΓÇÖs lifeless corpse to build up ranking points and compete 
on a global scale to become ΓÇ£The Deadliest Warrior.ΓÇ¥ The game features 
five play modes, customizable warrior, and true to life action with 
interactive environments.

DEADLIEST WARRIOR LEGENDS ΓÇö In Deadliest Warrior: Legends, take control of 
historyΓÇÖs greatest warriors and face the likes of Alexander the Great, 
Attila the Hun, Genghis Khan, Hannibal, Hernan Cortes, Shaka Zulu, Sun Tzu, 
Vlad the Impaler and William Wallace. With enhanced graphics and 9 arenas, 
new fighting options like grapples, pushes, ring outs, feints, projectile 
targeting, and new final strikes will expand your tactical options! Also 
included, a new strategy game called Generals! Players take control of the 
Battlefield Simulator from the TV show and play one of the nine legendary 
warrior campaigns and unlock abilities that the actual warriors used to get 
an edge in battle.

Platform: XBOX360 
Region: Region Free
Format: XGD2
Size: 1 DVD
Language: English
Genre: Fighting
 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-9381_4F8E81F1.jpg 
http://www.freeimage.us/image-511A_4F8E81F1.jpg