From the Wright Brothers to the Right Stuff,
this is the complete story of manned flight.
Through rare images and lost interviews with the
pioneers of aviation, learn what really happened
at Kill Devil Hill as Orville and Wilbur raced
against time and Professor Langley to be the
first to fly. Take off with the gallant Knights
of the Sky over the Western Front in 1918, or
battle the elements in an open cockpit with the
first airmail service. Break records with Amelia
Earhart, Wally Post and Jackie Cochran or join
Lucky Lindy on his flight into history.

In this breathtaking 4-DVD set, you will hear
Jimmy Doolittle tell you in his own words what
it was like to break air speed records and lead
his B-24s in an impossible raid over Tokyo. You'll
break the sound barrier with Yeager, walk on the
moon with Armstrong, and honor those who paid
the ultimate price for the quest of space.
This collection has it all for the aviation
enthusiast and those who just enjoy a great
adventure.


Copied by me from the back of the DVD case.		