Source..............[ Blu-Ray 50GB [DDR]   ]
Ripper..............[ -=[DDR]=-            ]
Runtime.............[ 02:31:00             ]
Resolution..........[ 1280 x 544           ]
Framerate......... .[ 24.000 FPS           ]
Size.............. .[ 4.37 GB              ]
                                            
Bitrate........... .[ 3510 Kbps            ]
Container......... .[ .mkv                 ]
Video Codec....... .[ x264                 ]
Aspect Ratio...... .[ 2.35:1               ]
                                            
Audio Info..........[ 1. 640 Kbps DD 5.1   ]
                                            
Audio Language......[ 1. Hindi             ]
                                            
Subtitles...........[ English.             ]
                                            
                                            
                                            
         !..The Exclusive Encode..!         
                                            
                 Enjoy   !!!                


  Cast :  Ranbir Kapoor         Bhola Raja Sapkot
          Priyanka Chopra       Jishu Sengupta   
          Roopali Ganguly       Saurabh Shukla   
          Haradhan Bannerjee    Nigam Thakur     
          Sumona Chakravarti    Uday Tikekar     
          Rahul Garg            Ashish Vidyarthi 
          Ileana                Akash Khurana    
                                                 
                                                 
        Director    :    Anurag Basu             
        Writer      :    Anurag Basu             
                         Sanjeev Dutta           
                                                 
        Genre       :    Comedy | Drama | Romance
                                                 
                                                 
Set in the 1970s in a pretty corner of India,    
Barfi! is the story of three young people who    
learn that love can neither be defined nor       
contained by society's norms of normal and       
abnormal. Barfi, a hearing and speech impaired   
boy falls in love with Shruti. In spite of her   
deep affection for Barfii, Shruti gives into     
societal and parental pressure to marry a        
'normal' man and lead a 'normal' life. Many      
years later their paths cross once again when    
Barfi, now in love with Jhilmil, is on the run   
from the police. Barfi is desperately seeking    
Jhilmil, who has gone missing. Shruti's          
realization that Jhilmil is autistic makes her   
recognize that true love is really blind.        
Caught in a cat and mouse game, in the search    
                                                 
    IMDB Link :                                  
                                                 
       http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2082197/      
                                                 
             Users Rating : 8.5/10               

 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/1/6m2l5ze2x174zo/10.png 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/5/1whyswgl8kq8k4/11.png 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/8/qx53qer738loes/12.png 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/7/decdjg90bxq9oo/13.png 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/6/0vio6icu4y1ir5/14.png 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/5/vdv1nknsyo3agk/15.png 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/3/8m1ic9fb5ccsj5/16.png 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/0/pgpgys7ooh4t86/17.png
