S K I D R O W
the leading force

proudly presents
Spec Ops: The Line (c) 2K Games

27-06-2012....Release Date <-> Protection.............Steam + CEG
TFS..............Game Type <-> Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Spec Ops: The Line is a new original title from 2K Games that features
provocative and gripping Third-Person modern military Shooter gameplay
designed to challenge players' morality by putting them in the middle
of unspeakable situations where unimaginable choices affecting human
life must be made. Features include, a gripping, storyline reminiscent
of Apocalypse Now and Heart of Darkness but set in a ruined Dubai
tactical squad-based Delta Force gameplay throughout a horizontally
and vertically oriented world, devastating sandstorms which can be
used in combat, a variety of multiplayer modes and maps, and deep
support featuring two factions

Features:

A new portrayal of the military shooter experience with twisting
narrative uncertainties

Action packed 3rd Person Shooter gameplay provides an up-close and
personal view into the brutality and emotion within the combat

Command an intelligent and powerful squad of Delta-Force soldiers in a
dangerous and unpredictable combat zone

Cross "The Line" in a mature story that explores the dark side of war
where there are no bright outcomes, only bad or worse choices

Unique Dubai setting strikes the imagination and transports players to
a larger-than-life playground for vertical gameplay and stunning
visuals

Sand-filled Dubai provides new gameplay experiences including sand
avalanches, and powerful, disorienting sandstorm combat

Customisable, Class-Based, Blazing Multiplayer

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use Launcher.exe, included with the cracked content, for setting the
language of your choice

Enjoy!

screens: 
http://imgh.us/spec-ops-the-line-new-screens-01.jpg 
http://imgh.us/sotl_cover.jpg 
http://imgh.us/spec_ops_the_line_screenshots-1920x1080.jpg 
http://imgh.us/SOTL-PAX-Screenshots-2-1024x576.jpg
