 http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p010jx3m

740 Park Avenue - an exclusive apartment building in Manhattan - is currently 
home to more billionaires than any other building in the United States. Less 
than five miles to the north is another Park Avenue in the South Bronx, where 
almost 40 per cent live in poverty and life prospects are less promising for 
those stuck at the bottom of the American pile. As international attention 
focuses on the US elections, Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker Alex Gibney 
looks at inequality in the US through the prism of these two, near-adjacent 
places, to ask if America is still the land of opportunity. 

"There's always been a gap between the wealthiest in our society and everyone 
else, but in the last 30 years something changed: that gap became the Grand 
Canyon," says Gibney. Through the story of the two Park Avenues, he argues that 
the extreme wealth of a few has been used to impose their ideas on the rest of 
America. By focusing on the residents of 740 Park, he asks questions about the 
influence of CEOs in Washington in return for tax policies that favour the 
ultra-rich. What chances do those at the bottom of the ladder have for upward 
mobility? Can someone who starts life on Park Avenue in the South Bronx end up 
living on Park Avenue in Manhattan? 

Through archive and interviews with academics, political scientists, 
psychologists, former lobbyists and even a former doorman at 740 Park, Gibney's 
film is a polemical look at the socio-economic political landscape of 
contemporary USA.

A BBC Storyville film, produced in partnership with the Open University, Park 
Avenue screens as part of Why Poverty? - when the BBC and the OU, in 
conjunction with more than 70 broadcasters around the world, hosts a debate 
about contemporary poverty.