.
.
................................................................

If you get up off your butt and rotate your antenna...

If your cable is screwed up...

And if the air is full of electricity...

Then somewhere, between channels 36 and 37, you'll come upon a
TV universe turned inside out.  The tour's leaving now, so
grease yourself up, strap yourself in, hide all pets, take
small bites, use a number 2 pencil, ignore the squishy sounds,
breathe through your mouth, and have your tickets ready...

You've entered the world of HARDCORE TV!

................................................................
.

Remember Fairytales From The Darkside?  Cindy's Sex Talk? 
Rastapiece Theater?  How about Fly Fishing Jam, This Old Whore
House, or The Sports Lady?  Well here they are again after
twenty years!  These eleven episodes are all that ever aired as
far as I can tell from everyone I've ever talked to about it and
from reading all the threads at the IMDB.  HBO ran them one
single time and never aired them or even mentioned them again.
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0364813/

Why four whole DVDs for a mere 11 half hour episodes?  I talked
to a guy that knows the guy that made this set and he said it's
because the quality wasn't strong from the beginning so he
recorded them at 1 hour mode and only got 3 episodes per disk
rather than overcompress them.  The quality is quite watchable
as far as I'm concerned but it's not perfect.  There's a sample
in the torrent so you can check for yourself.  Maybe better
tapes will surface someday but meantime, this set should tide
you over nicely, especially if you're craving a dose of Raging
Bullwinkle after all these years.

Each disk has a nicely authored menu system including a scene
selection submenu for each episode.  This torrent even includes
a detailed episode guide in a text file.  Cheers to everyone
that contributed to making this set possible!  And now...

You'll laugh... You'll cry... You'll grab your balls and spit!


x30001 out.
.
.