Source..............[ Blu-Ray 50GB [DDR]   ]  
Ripper..............[ PuLi                 ]  
Runtime.............[ 02:31:00             ]  
Resolution..........[ 1280 x 544           ]  
Framerate......... .[ 24.000 FPS           ]  
Size.............. .[ 2.70 GB              ]  
                                              
Bitrate........... .[ 2331 Kbps            ]  
Container......... .[ .mkv                 ]  
Video Codec....... .[ x264                 ]  
Aspect Ratio...... .[ 2.35:1               ]  
                                              
Audio Info..........[ 1. 224 Kbps AAC 5.1  ]  
                                              
Audio Language......[ 1. Hindi             ]  
                                              
Subtitles...........[ English.             ]  
                                              
                                              
                                              
         !..The Exclusive Encode..!           
                                              
                 Enjoy   !!!                  

Cast :  Ranbir Kapoor         Bhola Raja Sapkot 
        Priyanka Chopra       Jishu Sengupta    
        Roopali Ganguly       Saurabh Shukla    
        Haradhan Bannerjee    Nigam Thakur      
        Sumona Chakravarti    Uday Tikekar      
        Rahul Garg            Ashish Vidyarthi  
        Ileana                Akash Khurana     
                                                
                                                
      Director    :    Anurag Basu              
      Writer      :    Anurag Basu              
                       Sanjeev Dutta            
                                                
      Genre       :    Comedy | Drama | Romance 
                                                

Set in the 1970s in a pretty corner of India,  
Barfi! is the story of three young people who  
learn that love can neither be defined nor     
contained by society's norms of normal and     
abnormal. Barfi, a hearing and speech impaired 
boy falls in love with Shruti. In spite of her 
deep affection for Barfii, Shruti gives into   
societal and parental pressure to marry a      
'normal' man and lead a 'normal' life. Many    
years later their paths cross once again when  
Barfi, now in love with Jhilmil, is on the run 
from the police. Barfi is desperately seeking  
Jhilmil, who has gone missing. Shruti's        
realization that Jhilmil is autistic makes her 
recognize that true love is really blind.      
Caught in a cat and mouse game, in the search  
                                               
    IMDB Link :                                
                                               
       http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2082197/    
                                               
             Users Rating : 8.5/10             
 
http://img818.imageshack.us/img818/4948/25112328.png
 
http://img703.imageshack.us/img703/4115/38633702.png
 
http://img839.imageshack.us/img839/7628/43776892.png
 
http://img515.imageshack.us/img515/2630/70930928.png