Nuscope Recordings: nuscope CD 1012 
http://www.nuscoperec.com/1005%20to%201008.htm#GratHovOx

* Frank Gratkowski: alto saxophone, clarinet, bass clarinet, contrabass clarinet
* Fred Van Hove: Hamburg Steinway D piano, accordion
* Tony Oxley: drums, percussion
 
http://www.efi.group.shef.ac.uk/mvanhove.html 
http://www.efi.group.shef.ac.uk/moxley.html

liner notes:

Reviews
~~~~~~
by Fran√ßois Couture 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/grathovox-mw0000415108

This is a great radio session recorded in Leverkusen, Germany, on November 14,
2000. GratHovOx embodies everything uninhibited free improv can deliver. The
presence of two of the genre's most prestigious veterans certainly has
something to do with it. Fred Van Hove performs most of the set on a Steinway D
piano. He grabs his accordion for "Foreplay/Vorspiel." Tony Oxley produces an
astounding number of different sounds from his acoustic drum kit, keeping the
electronics very discreet. Between them stands reedman Frank Gratkowski, using
mostly instruments from the clarinet family this time around -- his raspy alto
sax makes an appearance in the 20-minute "Trenches/Tranches." The trio aims at
a kind of free improvisation that leaves room to breathe and listen without
getting entrenched in the sonic scrutiny of Berlin reductionism. The music has
movement, grace, and moments of sheer excitement that never lose sight of the
group sound -- the perfect balancing act. Highlights are numerous but nothing
quite compares to "Foreplay/Vorspiel." Gratkowski has his almighty contrabass
clarinet in hand, but Van Hove is handling his accordion. To match the delicate
wheezes of the squeeze box, Gratkowski decides to stick to the very upper
register of the instrument. It may not sound like much but it truly is an
understated tour de force. The way "Trenches/Tranches" boils down in its last
five minutes to reveal tiny details in the playing of all three musicians also
constitutes a moment of pure delight. Simply put, GratHovOx stands as one of
the best free improv sessions released in 2002 and comes heartily recommended.

--

by Glenn Astarita 
http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/article.php?id=11086

by Scott Hreha 
http://www.onefinalnote.com/reviews/g/gratkowski-frank/grathovox.asp

by Dan Warburton 
http://www.paristransatlantic.com/magazine/monthly2002/11nov_text.html#8