Source..............[ Blu-Ray 50GB [DDR]   ]
Ripper..............[ -=KaMaL=- [DDR]      ]
Runtime.............[ 02:40:00             ]
Resolution..........[ 1920 x 816           ]
Framerate......... .[ 24.000 FPS           ]
Size.............. .[ 10.0 GB              ]
                                            
Bitrate........... .[ 7500 Kbps            ]
Container......... .[ .mkv                 ]
Video Codec....... .[ x264                 ]
Aspect Ratio...... .[ 2.35:1               ]
                                            
Audio Info..........[ 1. 1536 Kbps DTS 5.1 ]
                                            
Audio Language......[ 1. Hindi             ]
                                            
Subtitles...........[ English.             ]
                                            
                                            
                                            
         !..The Exclusive Encode..!         
                                            
                 Enjoy   !!!                

Cast :   Ranbir Kapoor        Piyush Mishra     
         Nargis Fakhri        Moufid Aziz       
         Shammi Kapoor        Kumud Mishra      
         Shikha Jain          Shernaz Patel     
         Jaideep Ahlawat      Aditi Rao Hydari  
                                                
                                                
                                                
      Director    :    Imtiaz Ali               
      Writer      :    Imtiaz Ali               
                                                
      Genre       :    Comedy | Drama | Music   
                                                
                                                
Dressed in Persian clothes, chased by hooligans,
famous Indian-born Rockstar, Jordan, barely     
makes it to a Czech stadium to perform before   
a huge crowd. It was not too long ago that he   
was just an awkward uninhibited collegian       
wanna-be musician with a name of Janardhan      
Jakhar, who was ridiculed everywhere. His       
family wanted him to be inducted in their       
business but he refuses. He is counseled that   
music comes after experiencing pain, so he      
decides to woo Heer Kaul, the hottest girl      
on the college's 'Chicklist' in order to be     
rejected by her and thus experience pain.       
Initially he does face rejection from the       
sophisticated and cultured Heer, but quite      
surprisingly they subsequently become close     
friends, and he finds that underneath the stiff 
upper lip, there is a woman who is full of life 
                                                
  IMDB Link :                                   
                                                
      http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1839596/      
                                                
             Users Rating : 7.5/10              

 
http://upload-novalayer.com/929zay36ez33.html
 
http://upload-novalayer.com/ci9kamvkve9j.html
 
http://upload-novalayer.com/k1bm5f5memjn.html
 
http://upload-novalayer.com/lnjz04f0b9eg.html