[ http://theanarchistlibrary.org ]The Anarchist Library has grown
greatly in the past three years and with that we would like to announce
the release of a brand new torrent for the project, along with some
other notes. The [ http://theanarchistlibrary.org/special/distro ]
torrent can be downloaded here and if you are able to seed it, please
do. It is a collection of four ISO files with each meant to be burned to
a separate DVD / CD.

Inside the torrent you will find the entire collection of works
currently found on the library of not only the English language library,
but also of the [ http://fi.theanarchistlibrary.org/ ] Finnish, [ 
http://ru.theanarchistlibrary.org/ ] Russian, and [ 
http://anarhisticka-biblioteka.net/ ] Serbo-Croatian anarchist
libraries. Please refer to the README file included for instructions.

Inside the Library

Of note, the url scheme has changed, but backward compatibility has been
kept, so we believe that existing links will still work. If you want to
upload or edit a text, the markup used has also changed. ItΓÇÖs described
in depth in the [ http://theanarchistlibrary.org/docs/MANUAL.html ] fine
manual. If you [ http://theanarchistlibrary.org/new ] upload a new text
youΓÇÖll find a WYSIWYG editor which supports pasting from Office-like
programs and browsers, without losing the markup in the way. The text
will be automatically converted in the new markup but mistakes can be
made so please review your marked up document.

The link [ http://theanarchistlibrary.org/special/about ] About the
project has also been slightly changed and is worth another read if you
are interested in helping. If you have feedback or have a favorite
anarchist author or text who you don't see on the library please feel
free make it happen. Often, some librarians are also available for
comments/help on IRC [ irc.anarchyplanet.org, port 6697, SSL only,
channel #library ]. You can also reach the chat server through your
browser at https://irc.anarchyplanet.org:9090/

Thanks for reading.