- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--Registration is Open!!--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......http://www.Speed.Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-The.New.Normal.S01E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 28.08.2012

"Pilot"

These days, families come in all forms - 
single dads, double moms, sperm donors, egg 
donors, one-night-stand donors. Bryan (Andrew 
Rannells) and David (Justin Bartha) are a Los 
Angeles couple and they have it all. Well, 
almost. With successful careers and a 
committed, loving partnership, there is one 
thing that this couple is missing: a baby. 
Just when they think the stars will never 
align, enter Goldie (Georgia King), an 
extraordinary young woman with a checkered 
past. A midwestern waitress and single 
mother looking to escape her dead-end life 
and small-minded grandmother (Ellen Barkin), 
Goldie decides to change everything and move 
out west with her precocious eight year-old 
daughter. Desperate and broke - but also 
fertile - Goldie quickly becomes the guys' 
surrogate and quite possibly the girl of 
their dreams. Surrogate mother, surrogate 
family.

18/Slower+
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :)
madcow at hushmail dot com