Clean Feed Records: CF135 
http://www.cleanfeed-records.com/disco2.asp?intID=270

* Bänz Oester: bass
* Gerry Hemingway: drums
* Michel Wintsch: piano
 
http://www.whotrio.com/ 
http://www.gerryhemingway.com/who.html

Reviews
~~~~~~~
by Mark Corroto 
http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/article.php?id=32218

The piano jazz trio is by now a familiar form—maybe too familiar. Many are
already attuned to the standards-style trio (which may also cover modern pop
tunes), and the free jazz trio (which is neither tethered to melody nor anchored
in jazz sensibilities. But expectations need to be set aside when WHO Trio
plays. The descriptive title, Less Is More, might just bear the subtitle "any
more of this might just be too much."

This trio, featuring drummer Gerry Hemingway, Swiss pianist Michel Wintsch and
bassist Bänz Oester, has been making music for more than 10 years now. Although
each player has multiple side projects, their work together is both remarkable
and quite exceptional. This is the trio's fifth recording, following The Current
Underneath (Leo Records, 2004).

The intelligence of this music is in its simplicity and interplay. Only a close
working group like WHO Trio could make this coherent a statement and not get in
each other's way. The music, pleasing in its simplicity, samples jazz swing but
eschews its boundaries. Each player, adept at free jazz, strives to maintain the
focus of each thoroughly composed track. No diddling is heard here—whether
Wintsch is plucking strings inside his piano, Oester is knocking wood on his
bass, or Hemingway is creating a myriad of sounds on his kit, they are
contributing to the whole composition.

The closest relation to this trio might be Keith Jarrett's Standards Trio,
coupled with the teamwork of the Clusone Trio, and the telepathy of a classic
Bill Evans recording. But unlike those bands, WHO Trio doesn't begin its
exploration with covers of familiar tunes. It creates its own world, which can
be beautiful and moving in ballads that combine the tension and release of jazz
with the folk sensibility of a simple melody.

For all practical purposes this is a perfect recording.

--

by Kurt Gottschalk 
http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/article.php?id=34098

by Stef

by Massimo Ricci

por Sergio Piccirilli (es) 
http://elintruso.com/2009/06/07/who-trio-less-is-more/

por Pachi Tapiz 
http://www.tomajazz.com/discos/breves.php?d=2009-07-01#wt_lim