Worms Revolution is the latest game in the  classic
turn-based strategy  series  to  come  to  the  PC,
featuring exciting new features  and  beautiful  3D
graphics whilst retaining the classic  2D  gameplay
that fans love. Choose to play the extensive single
player mode which features both campaign and puzzle
missions or dive straight into multiplayer  warfare
via online or local play. For the first  time  ever
see the inclusion of dynamic water, physics objects
and worm  classes  Customise  your  experience  by
choosing what classes you play with, what they look
like and even how they speak

NOTE: Our version includes preorder DLC pack with some
cool stuff added:

- Worms Revolution Bonus Campaign Missions - test
your skills even further with five extra
single-player missions.

- Worms Revolution Exclusive Fort - add an
exclusive fort to your collection.

- Worms Revolution Exclusive Hats  customize your
Worms with either devil horns or a halo.

- Worms Revolution Exclusive Gravestones  mark
where your heroic worms have fallen with either
lightning bolt or angel wings gravestones.

- Worms Revolution Exclusive Speechbanks  change
what your worms say, choose from Wild Life
Documenter or Reality TV Talent Judge.

1. Unzip & Unrar
2. Start setup.bat
3. Have Fun