PublicHD - High-Definition Bittorrent Community 
                
http://publichd.eu/

-----------------------------------------------------

Chicago.Fire.S01E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 10.10.2012

Pilot

When a fire claims one of their own, there's
plenty of guilt and blame to go around. Lt.
Matthew Casey (Jesse Spencer), in charge of
the Truck, tries to carry on, but butts
heads with the brash Lt. Kelly Severide
Taylor Kinney) of the Rescue Squad - and
each blames the other for their fallen team
member. Adding to the turmoil, Casey,
unbeknownst to his colleagues, is in the
midst of a separation from Hallie (Teri
Reeves). The firehouse also includes:
Battalion Chief Wallace Boden (Eamonn
Walker), a fireman's fireman who is
confronted by important personal decisions
paramedics Gabriela Dawson (Monica Raymund)
and Leslie Shay (Lauren German), who share
a close bond and team together to face some
of the most harrowing situations
imaginable Peter Mills (Charlie Barnett),
an academy graduate who is the latest
generation in a family of firefighters and
Christopher Herrmann (David Eigenberg), a
seasoned veteran who loses his home to
foreclosure and now must uproot his family
to move in with his in-laws

18/Slower
Evolve... or die

Enjoy