           (Windows Release)
-----------------------------------------
                  Info:
-----------------------------------------
WaveLab LE 7 offers a suite of audio 
editing tools tailored to the needs of 
musicians, small recording environments 
and podcast authors. The podcast tool 
combines basic editing and mastering 
capabilities with full internet audio 
publishing features, creating a unique 
one-stop application for recording, 
editing right through to online 
publication via podcast, perfectly suited 
for Sequel and Cubase users. 
The sample-accurate 32-bit/96 kHz audio 
engine in WaveLab LE 7 combines a small 
set of quality virtual effect processors.

              Installation:
-----------------------------------------
1. Unpack and mount.

2. Install.

3. Enjoy!


IMPORTANT!!!   IMPORTANT!!!   IMPORTANT!!!

If you have any of recent AiR elicenser
releases (Cubase 5, Wavelab 6, Nexus 2,
etc..) please note that this rls might 
distort them!

WaveLab LE 7 is using newest 
soft-elicenser which overwrites AiR's 
custom created copy-protection DLL's!!!

You've been warned!