PublicHD - High-Definition Bittorrent Community 
  https://publichd.eu 

 ----------------------------------------- 
The.New.Normal.S01E09.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 20.11.2012

Pardon Me

After recalling the disastrous dinners of
Thanksgivings past, Bryan, David, Goldie,
Shania and Rocky decide that this year they
are going to enjoy the holiday with their new
family. Later, after realizing the horrible
fates of the turkeys at the farm a sensitive
Shania and Bryan pardon all of them and take
them home as new pets. The move prompts a
meat-free dinner menu and in the spirit of the
pardon encourages everyone to invite over
family and friends that they need to make
amends with. David invites his mother and his
father, while Bryan extends an olive branch to
Jane, Goldie reaches out to Clay and Rocky
puts aside her political differences with her
brother Clint. Though the pre-dinner
festivities seem to be cheerful it doesn't
take long for personalities to clash and for
this Thanksgiving to go to the birds

18/Slower
Evolve... or die

Enjoy

