 http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/bo1nvwr2

In the second part of her latest culinary adventure, Clarissa Dickson Wright 
investigates the history of lunch, a meal that we now eat in a speedy average 
of 12.49 minutes. But 300 years ago lunch didn't exist at all - for centuries 
our daytime meal was called, as it still is in some parts of the country, 
dinner, a long-standing confusion that Clarissa attempts to unravel.

Lunch is the workhorse meal of the day and the story of its origins and 
evolution is really a history of our working lives across the centuries. 
Medieval farm labourers used to sit down to eat as early as 10am, but they had 
been toiling in the fields since daybreak. As she tucks into some of the dishes 
of the day, Clarissa explodes some common myths about our ancestors and their 
eating habits. Not all their fish was salted and people didn't eat rotten meat 
flavoured with spices, but they certainly did eat vegetables - and, back then, 
carrots were purple.

Moving forward through history, Clarissa tries a 17th-century recipe for 
venison that was a favourite of the diarist Samuel Pepys and discovers that the 
long business lunch of the 1980s already existed in the 1660s. By Victorian 
times, office workers were sitting down to steaming hot plates of mutton chops 
and oxtail stew in a chophouse, and Clarissa calls in to one of the last 
surviving examples in the City of London. 

However, it is the Earl of Sandwich's famous convenience food invention from 
the 1750s that has come to dominate our modern lunchtime menu. All the same, 
the ubiquitous sandwich can still be an opportunity for creativity and 
inventiveness, and as she comes towards the end of her journey through history, 
Clarissa meets Britain's most celebrated sandwich designer and samples his most 
stunning original creation, which has been officially declared to be the 
world's greatest sandwich.