- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!
 ............ NFO .............
-Nikita.S03E05.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 30.11.2012

"The Sword's Edge"

Division discovers one of their rogue 
agents, Markov (guest star Jonathan 
Goad), who has been undercover for six 
years, has been elected President of 
Uzbekistan and is planning to kill the 
President of the United States (guest 
star Michelle Nolden). Ryan (Noah 
Bean) confesses to the team that 
Division is on thin ice with the 
President and she has threatened to 
wipe them out if the public finds out 
about the secret agency and rogue 
agents. Nikita (Maggie Q) and Michael 
(Shane West) are furious that Ryan 
kept this a secret from them and must 
figure out how to save the President's 
life without alerting her of the 
danger. Meanwhile, after Alex (Lyndsy 
Fonseca) and Owen (Devon Sawa) are 
caught in an explosion, they 
investigate and believe an insider set 
it up.  

18/Slower
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :)