 http://leetleech.org/images/12315348506491598790.jpg

Screens:
 
http://leetleech.org/images/63867876821790403135.jpg 
http://leetleech.org/images/07999729991707805242.jpg 
http://leetleech.org/images/62991809072052568073.jpg

Alternative:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/84000/photo-83506.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/84000/photo-83507.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/84000/photo-83508.jpg

Batman Arkham City Game of the Year Edition-SKIDROW
Batman Arkham City Game of the Year Edition (c) WB Games

11-09-2012......Release Date - Protection..........SecuROMG4WL
Action.............Game Type - Disk(s).................1 BLURAY

RELEASE NOTES

Batman: Arkham City is third-person Action-Adventure game that delivers
an authentic Dark Knight experience rooted in an original and
engrossing story as well as a combination of melee combat, stealth,
investigative and speed-based challenge gameplay. A sequel to 2009's
Batman: Arkham Asylum, Arkham City features the full range of classic
enemies seen in the previous game, in addition to Catwoman, who is a
playable character and has her own storyline in the new release.
Additional features include: a range of new gadgets, an increased
number of possible melee opponents and a range of movement options for
Batman that include leaping, sliding, gliding and the grapple hook.

Developed by Rocksteady Studios, Batman: Arkham City builds upon the
intense, atmospheric foundation of Batman: Arkham Asylum, sending
players soaring into Arkham City, the new maximum security "home" for
all of Gotham City's thugs, gangsters and insane criminal masterminds.
The game features an unique combination of melee combat, stealth,
investigative and speed-based challenge gameplay. Set inside the
heavily fortified walls of a sprawling district in the heart of Gotham
City, this highly anticipated sequel introduces a brand-new story that
draws together a new all-star cast of classic characters and murderous
villains from the Batman universe, as well as a vast range of new and
enhanced gameplay features to deliver the ultimate experience as the
Dark Knight.

An authentic Dark Knight video game adventure that picks up where
Arkham Asylum left off.

Batman Arkham City Game of the Year Edition includes:

Batman Arkham City Main Game

Harley Quinn's Revenge. Now more dangerous than ever and leading a
homicidal gang of her own, she is hell-bent on taking revenge against
the Dark Knight.

Bonus content includes: Catwoman Pack, Robin Bundle Pack, Nightwing
Bundle Pack, Arkham City Skins Pack and Challenge Map Pack

Harley Quinn's Revenge contains over 2 hours of content, new storyline
and enemies, play as both Batman and Robin, new environments and new
collectables

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. At the serialscreen type: 11111-11111-11111-11111-11111 
5. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
6. Play the game
7. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

ADDITIONAL NOTES

You need to make an offline Games For Windows Live profile, for being
able to load/save.