- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd      fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--submit for invite!!--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......http://www.Speed.Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-Awake.S01E02.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 08.03.2012

"The Little Guy" 

Detective Michael Britten continues 
to deal with his parallel versions 
of reality. In one world hes 
looking for ways to reconnect with 
his son, Rex, by offering him some 
normalcy while they deal with his 
mothers death. In the other, 
Britten works to understand the 
emotions that his grieving wife, 
Hannah is going through. Meanwhile, 
a witness in the murder of a 
homeless man tells Britten and his 
rookie partner, Vega that a "small 
guy" was spotted at the scene of the 
crime. When that clue crosses over 
into the case Britten is working on 
in his other reality, Bird, is 
confused by his partners sudden 
interest in the height of the 
suspects they are investigating. 
Meanwhile, Brittens captain, shows 
growing concern over his behavior. 
Later, the events surrounding the 
fateful accident that changed 
Brittens life come into question 
and throughout, Dr. Lee and Dr. 
Evans continue to present their 
dueling theories on Brittons 
condition.

18/Slower
Evolve...or die.

Enjoy :)
madcow at hushmail dot com