Amiga Computing (UK Edition) issues 1-127 (June 1988 - October 1997)

Amiga Computing was a long-lived and respected magazine published
initially by Europress, and later IDG, covering most aspects of the
Amiga; although games were covered, the focus was on more serious
subjects. Like most Amiga magazines, the page count peaked in the
early-mid 90's, before dropping dramatically later in the decade. Amiga
Computer finally ceased publication in 1997; short-lived US and Greek
editions only lasted a few issues in 1995.

These PDFs are the compiled collections of page scans available on
public torrent trackers. They've been OCR'd to allow text searching and
copying - this should prove very useful for the Sinclair archivist who'd
like to have their own local searchable archive. They look great on most
PDF readers, including the iPad.

The OCR software has done it's best, but has struggled with some of the
more unusual fonts and layouts used and by the relatively low DPI of the
source images. Some of the source page images were a bit odd too - I
suspect the originals came from more than one source.

The file size is a bit larger than the combined size of the original JPG
images; I've done my best to make the PDF's as compact as possible
without losing image quality. Be grateful for cheap storage :)

More OCR'd scans will be periodically available - please check(or Google RetroPDFs) for more
information.

Thanks to Martijn van der Heide for the wonderful World Of Spectrum site
(www.worldofspectrum.org), and all the visitors and donators to
RetroPDFs for their support.

90's style "greets" to anyone formally or currently involved in the
Amiga scene, especially Pazza, Mic Flair, Violator, Denzil, Tango, Fat
Will, mUb and Maximan, and anyone else who read or wrote for LSD
Grapevine. Nostalgia ain't what it used to be ;)

Ken D 
fabwhack@gmail.com (Google 'RetroPDFs')
