Poser Pro 2012 is the fastest way for professional artists and
production teams to add pre-rigged and fully textured 3D
characters to their projects. With over 3GB of included content
libraries and richly varied third party Poser content, Poser Pro
2012 is the perfect link between professional production tools and
ready to use 3D character assets, saving development time and
resources. 

Poser Pro 2012 includes intuitive posing, animation, and rigging
tools all designed to make working with 3D character content as
easy as possible. Poser Pro 2012 provides a node-based material
system, dynamic hair, dynamic cloth, morph creation brushes and
facial photo matching tools Automatic tools lipsync phonemes with
imported sound files and create walk and run animation cycles.
Poser Pro renders video or still images in photo-real or sketch
styles.
Poser Pro 2012 is the fastest way for professional artists and
production teams to add pre-rigged and fully textured 3D
characters to their projects. With over 3GB of included content
libraries and richly varied third party Poser content, Poser Pro
2012 is the perfect link between professional production tools and
ready to use 3D character assets, saving development time and
resources.
 
Poser Pro 2012 includes intuitive posing, animation, and rigging
tools all designed to make working with 3D character content as
easy as possible. Poser Pro 2012 provides a node-based material
system, dynamic hair, dynamic cloth, morph creation brushes and
facial photo matching tools Automatic tools lipsync phonemes with
imported sound files and create walk and run animation cycles.
Poser Pro renders video or still images in photo-real or sketch
styles.
 
http://poser.smithmicro.com/poserpro.html

------------------------------

Read ReadMe.txt for install tip.
