It is with crack by Ali123. The crack is not perfect though.



The sequel to the highly-acclaimed 2005 game Sniper Elite, Sniper Elite 
V2 continues to offer gamers the most authentic World War II sniping 
experience by putting them in the middle of war-torn Berlin amidst the 
frenzied final battle between German and Russian forces.

With an emphasis on learning to handle the anticipation and pressure of 
the hunt, players are forced to use skill, patience and cunning to achieve 
their missions as they find themselves facing life-altering choices. The 
celebrated ΓÇ£bullet camΓÇ¥ from Sniper Elite makes its return and will be more 
gratifying than ever. Skillful shots are rewarded with a slow-motion 
sequence of the bullet running its full trajectory from barrel to target as 
well as featuring graphic detail of the effects of the bullet entering and 
destroying a target.

Features:

Sniping Simulation: Sniper Elite V2 features detailed sniping simulation 
with advanced ballistics, taking into account gravity, wind, velocity, 
bullet penetration, aim stability and more. Guaranteed to provide players 
with the most realistic simulation of military sharpshooting yet available.

X-Ray Kill Cam: Amazing kill cam technology showcases what really happens 
when a bullet enters an enemys body, allowing players to see hearts and 
lungs tear, livers burst, bones and teeth shatter and entrails fall out.

Authenticity: The game features authentic World War II Berlin locations as 
well as vehicles, weapons such as the Springfield M1903, the Gewehr 43 and 
the Mosin-Nagant 1891/30 and uniforms modeled after the original versions.

Use The Environment: The slightest changes in the environment need to be 
taken into account to move into the perfect position, observe the quarry, 
take the shot and slip away unnoticed.

Snipers Choice: Players will often find themselves facing a choice of the 
perfect shot that leaves them catastrophically exposed or a more difficult 
route that means they can continue their mission.

Multiplayer: For the first time in a Sniper Elite game, two players can 
play an online campaign in co-op

Screens: http://image.geotorrents.com/images/69635993987911070422.jpg 
http://image.geotorrents.com/images/22498208898298899596.jpg 
http://image.geotorrents.com/images/66786528991142238014.jpg 
http://image.geotorrents.com/images/72448786990692545198.jpg