
Pass It On - Behind the Law of Attraction


More than a movie, its a movement!


Run Time: 70 minutes




MODERN-DAY MASTERS TEACH THE ACTION BEHIND THE LAW OF ATTRACTION




Get ready for the groundbreaking motivational film PASS IT ON created 
by WISH Entertainment visionaries Scott Evans, Greg S. Reid, and rising 
star director Jon Dixon.

For the first time EVER, a diverse line-up of modern-day masters 
collaborate in a feature length film to share the blueprints for 
optimal success that elevated them to the top of their fields. 
World-class athletes, Hollywood stars, inventors, congressmen, 
inspirational giants, best-selling authors and powerhouse marketers 
share their proven methods to achieve a life of Wealth, Inspiration, 
Success & Happiness.



So youΓÇÖve seen The Secret and have embraced the Law of Attraction--now 
PASS IT ON reveals that itΓÇÖs the Action behind the Attraction that 
makes your dreams come true. Movie goers learn how to optimize their 
passion and natural talent to maximize their potential.


PASS IT ON offers the opportunity of a lifetime to gain practical 
insights from an all-star cast including legendary athletes Evander 
Holyfield, Ken Norton and Olympian Ruben Gonzalez, stars like Blair 
Underwood, Elaine Hendrix, Mario Lopez, and Neil Patrick Harris, 
motivational giants Denis Waitley, Brian Tracy, Les Brown, Debbie 
Allen, Niurka and Bill Walsh, syndicated radio personality Dennis 
Prager, former congressman Ed Foreman, teachers featured in the Secret 
John Assaraf and Michael Beckwith, best-selling authors Steven E, Harry 
Paul, and host of other great minds!



More than a movie, itΓÇÖs a movement lead by the most dynamic, 
inspirational, and diverse assembly of legendary figures ever gathered 
to mentor the massesΓÇª. and share the WISH!



If you can afford:
 
http://www.amazon.com/Pass/dp/B000PTYP6G

