- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd      fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--submit for invite!!--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......http://www.Speed.Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-NYC.22.S01E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 15.04.2012

"Pilot"

NYC 22 follows six diverse NYPD 
rookies as they patrol the gritty 
streets of upper Manhattan. The new 
trainees include Jennifer "White 
House" Perry, a former college 
volleyball star and Marine MP in Iraq 
with a take-charge attitude; Ray 
"Lazarus" Harper, the oldest rookie 
and a former police news reporter 
with better sources than most 
seasoned cops; Tonya Sanchez, who 
comes from a family with a criminal 
history; Ahmad Kahn, an Afghani 
native who fought his way to freedom; 
Kenny McClaren, a fourth-generation 
police officer with great instincts 
but qualms about joining the force; 
and Jayson "Jackpot" Toney, a young 
basketball legend who squandered his
opportunity in the NBA. Their 
demanding Field Training Officer, 
Daniel "Yoda" Dean, is a case-
hardened, unsentimental veteran of 
the force who emphasizes basics and 
holds each cop accountable for their 
actions. Rounding out the team is
Sergeant Terry Howard, a no-nonsense 
plainclothes officer from the Gang 
Intel Unit, who trains the rookies on 
how to keep the gangbangers at bay. 
With unique backgrounds, 
personalities and reasons for being 
on the force, the new cops will make 
their share of rookie mistakes while 
they figure out how to relate to 
their boss, each other and the people 
they swore to protect. 

18/Slower+
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :)
madcow at hushmail dot com