
BBC Indian Ocean With Simon Reeve 3 of 6
Kenya And The Horn Of Africa 2012

 
http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p00rdjvn

The third leg of Simon Reeve√Üs journey is the most dangerous, as he travels to
Mogadishu, the war-torn capital of Somalia. But he starts off in the south of
Kenya and travels up the Indian Ocean coast to Mombasa, then on to the
beautiful Tana Delta, where he meets villagers facing eviction from the area,
which the government is turning over to sugar cane production for bio-fuels.
Heading north to the stunning and remote island of Kiwayu, Simon meets women
who make a living from making handicrafts from the mountains of plastic
pollution that fetches up on their beach. It is evidence of one of the greatest
threats to the Indian Ocean and all the world's oceans - the millions of tons
of plastic waste washing around in our seas. But Kiwayu is also the site of the
tragic murder of British tourist David Tebbutt and the kidnapping of his wife
Judith by Somali pirates. Next Simon heads to the source of the piracy epidemic
that plagues the Indian Ocean - Somalia. In war torn Mogadishu Simon travels
with Ugandan soldiers from the African peace keeping force AMISOM. After years
of anarchy and violence, the soldiers are the latest attempt to bring peace and
stability to the country. On the frontline, with bullets flying around, Simon
learns that the peace keepers are actually fighting a bloody war with al
Shabaab, a violent Islamist militia linked to al Qaeda. But lacking even
helicopters, AMISOM are struggling to overcome their opponents in a country
that is at the epicentre of piracy and, increasingly, a source of international
terrorism. Neighbouring Somaliland could not be more different. The "country"
declared its independence in 1991 but is not recognised by the rest of the
world. However it is stable and democratic, and is home to thousands of Somalis
fleeing fighting and famine. Simon joins a group of young refugees from a camp
on a trip to see the sea for the very first time. It is a moving ending to a
dramatic Indian Ocean journey.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A short sample is included for evaluation.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
