Source..............[ Blu-Ray 50GB [DDR]   ]
Ripper..............[ -=KaMaL=- [DDR]      ]
Runtime.............[ 02:40:00             ]
Resolution..........[ 1280 x 544           ]
Framerate......... .[ 24.000 FPS           ]
Size.............. .[ 6.56 GB              ]
                                            
Bitrate........... .[ 4400 Kbps            ]
Container......... .[ .mkv                 ]
Video Codec....... .[ x264                 ]
Aspect Ratio...... .[ 2.35:1               ]
                                            
Audio Info..........[ 1. 1536 Kbps DTS 5.1 ]
                                            
Audio Language......[ 1. Hindi             ]
                                            
Subtitles...........[ English.             ]
                                            
                                            
                                            
         !..The Exclusive Encode..!         
                                            
                 Enjoy   !!!                


Cast :   Ranbir Kapoor        Piyush Mishra    
         Nargis Fakhri        Moufid Aziz      
         Shammi Kapoor        Kumud Mishra     
         Shikha Jain          Shernaz Patel    
         Jaideep Ahlawat      Aditi Rao Hydari 
                                               
                                               
                                               
      Director    :    Imtiaz Ali              
      Writer      :    Imtiaz Ali              
                                               
      Genre       :    Comedy | Drama | Music  
                                               
                                               
Dressed in Persian clothes, chased by hooligans
famous Indian-born Rockstar, Jordan, barely    
makes it to a Czech stadium to perform before  
a huge crowd. It was not too long ago that he  
was just an awkward uninhibited collegian      
wanna-be musician with a name of Janardhan     
Jakhar, who was ridiculed everywhere. His      
family wanted him to be inducted in their      
business but he refuses. He is counseled that  
music comes after experiencing pain, so he     
decides to woo Heer Kaul, the hottest girl     
on the college's 'Chicklist' in order to be    
rejected by her and thus experience pain.      
Initially he does face rejection from the      
sophisticated and cultured Heer, but quite     
surprisingly they subsequently become close    
friends, and he finds that underneath the stiff
upper lip, there is a woman who is full of life
                                               
  IMDB Link :                                  
                                               
      http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1839596/     
                                               
             Users Rating : 7.5/10             
 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/2/7vkny2w3i89nex/1.png 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/9/oi093rnap56thi/2.png 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/5/ch6lflli7duv4z/3.png 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/6/xkhukhv98f2kqb/4.png 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/6/1ps19uyr6b2lk6/5.png
