 http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p010jxyz

Documentary taking an in-depth, behind-the-scenes look at 30 years of Bob 
Geldof and Bono's campaign against poverty. Their work has made them icons of 
aid and even garnered them Nobel Peace Prize nominations, but what impact has 
it really had on Africa? Through archive footage and candid new interviews with 
key players including Geldof, Bono and Bill Gates, the film re-examines three 
decades of unprecedented campaigns and scrutinises the effectiveness of 
celebrity-led activism.

Nearly 30 years ago, two young pop singers set out to challenge the world. 
Their aim - to use their celebrity status to end poverty in Africa. After Bob 
Geldof instigated a chart-topping charity single and staged one of the biggest 
rock concerts ever seen, he and Bono joined forces and went on to build a 
multi-million dollar lobbying organisation. Along the way, they hi-jacked the 
Brits, enlisted IT billionaires, fashion models and academics, won over the 
wiliest of politicians, lobbied world leaders and put the politics of poverty 
firmly on the international agenda. They raised vast sums for charity and 
persuaded western powers to dramatically reduce third world debt.

But did they really help make poverty history in Africa? What impact has their 
work really had on economic growth and poverty reduction? And if they haven't 
made poverty history, has their campaign at least been responsible for a big 
step forward?

A BBC Storyville film, produced in partnership with the Open University, the 
film screens as part of Why Poverty? - when the BBC and the OU, in conjunction 
with more than 70 broadcasters around the world, hosts a debate about 
contemporary poverty.
