- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!
 ............ NFO .............
-The.New.Normal.S01E08.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 13.11.2012

*NOTE* Unlike Alcatraz last year, NBC does not 
have the skipped Halloween episode scheduled
at the moment. So instead of skipping a number
to accommodate the unaired (but available on
iTunes and elsewhere) episode, we just 
continued the numbering from the last actual
aired episode.

"Unplugged"

When technology begins to interrupt their 
lives Bryan, David, Goldie and Shania 
reluctantly give up their various electronic 
devices for one day. Shania, however, takes it 
one step further by suggesting they give up 
all modern technology including heated toilet 
seats. Meanwhile, Rocky unleashes an online 
beast when she shows Jane how to use twitter. 
Hoping to gain more followers, Jane posts a 
private video from Bryan which was meant to 
surprise David on their future wedding day. 
Shocked at the invasion of privacy, Bryan is 
appalled until the cast of his show "Sing" 
tells him what they think of the tweet.  

18/Slower+
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :)