---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                 
           SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS       444444444                 AAA                   
         SS:::::::::::::::S     4::::::::4                A:::A                  
        S:::::SSSSSS::::::S    4:::::::::4               A:::::A                 
        S:::::S     SSSSSSS   4::::44::::4              A:::::::A                
        S:::::S              4::::4 4::::4             A:::::::::A               
        S:::::S             4::::4  4::::4            A:::::A:::::A              
         S::::SSSS         4::::4   4::::4           A:::::A A:::::A             
          SS::::::SSSSS   4::::444444::::444        A:::::A   A:::::A            
            SSS::::::::SS 4::::::::::::::::4       A:::::A     A:::::A           
               SSSSSS::::S4444444444:::::444      A:::::AAAAAAAAA:::::A          
                    S:::::S         4::::4       A:::::::::::::::::::::A         
                    S:::::S         4::::4      A:::::AAAAAAAAAAAAA:::::A        
        SSSSSSS     S:::::S         4::::4     A:::::A             A:::::A       
        S::::::SSSSSS:::::S       44::::::44  A:::::A               A:::::A      
        S:::::::::::::::SS        4::::::::4 A:::::A                 A:::::A     
         SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS          4444444444AAAAAAA                   AAAAAAA    
                                                                                 
                                                                                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           Syndicate.CRACK.ONLY-SKIDROW                          

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

S  K  I  D  R  O  W
.the leading force.

proudly presents
Syndicate (c) EA Games

25-02-2012....Release Date <-> Protection...SecuROM+EACore+Custom
FPS..............Game Type <-> Disk(s)......................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Syndicate is the re-imagination of a cult classic franchise from 1993 -
a unique action shooter set in a not too distant future, where Business
is War. 2069 - No longer governed by politicians, the developed world
is divided up into regions controlled by megacorporations known as
Syndicates. These Syndicates have revolutionized how the consumer
interacts with the digital world. No longer does the consumer require a
device to access the world's data and control their technology, they
can do this at the blink of an eye via neural chip implant. Civilians
flocked to be "chip'd" and enjoy all that their selected Syndicate has
to offer; housing, medical, banking, insurance, education,
entertainment and jobs. One complete package. One complete lifestyle.
In return, the Syndicates gained unprecedented insights, and control,
over the individual and their behaviour. With little governmental
oversight, business has become war. The Syndicates will stop at nothing
for ultimate market dominance. At the front line of this war are the
Agents, the Syndicate's bio-engineered and chip-augmented enforcers.
They can breach anything in the wired world including their enemies,
their weapons and the environment that surrounds them, making them the
most efficient and deadly technological weapons in the world. Take on
the role of Miles Kilo, Eurocorp's latest prototype agent, and embark
on a brutal action adventure of corruption and revenge.

In the not too distant future, the world is divided into regions
controlled by mega-corporations known as Syndicates. In this future,
business is war, and you are the weapon: the latest prototype agent for
Eurocorp, one of the most ruthless Syndicates in a world dominated by
greed. In single-player, embark on a unique sci-fi shooter adventure of
corruption and revenge, as you utilize DART 6 chip-enhanced technology
to breech, manipulate and control the wired world. Or form your own
Syndicate in four-player co-op and dominate nine action-packed missions
inspired by the original Syndicate game.

Features:

Chip Enhanced Gameplay: Slow down time, see through walls, and breach
your enemy and everything digital in the world with Dart vision - A
neural DART6 chip implant that allows you to interface directly with
the Dataverse.

4-Player Online Co-op: Assemble your Syndicate for global domination. A
4-player, online co-op experience like no other, with chip enhanced
gameplay and 9 missions re-imagined from the original Syndicate.

Visceral FPS Experience: Utilize an upgradable arsenal of futuristic
weapons, armor and gear to annihilate your enemies and harvest their
chip technology for personal advancement and sinister corporate greed.

Sci-Fi Fiction: Immerse yourself in the world of Syndicate 2069, with a
world-class sci-fi story experience, written by bestselling author
Richard Morgan.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

GREETINGS

To all friends of the family and honorable rival groups!

ascii art by the
godlike & terrific duo
malodix + irokos
titan artdivision

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------