- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!
 ............ NFO .............
-The.Simpsons.S24E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 30.09.2012

"Treehouse of Horror XXIII"

Destined to be yet another classic Halloween
-themed episode of THE SIMPSONS, in the 
opener of the 23rd annual Treehouse of 
Horror, we go back to ancient times when a 
Mayan Homer and Marge are witnesses to the 
prediction by ancient calendar makers that 
2012 will be the end of the world. In The 
Greatest Story Ever Holed, the first of 
three spine-chilling stories, the 
Springfield Subatomic Supercollider creates 
a black hole that terrorizes the city, 
sucking up everything in its path. Then, in 
UNnormal Activity the Simpsons install 
cameras all over the house when things start 
to go bump in the night and Marge discovers 
it may have to do with an unholy pact she 
made some years prior. In the final 
thrilling tale, Bart & Homers Excellent 
Adventure, Bart travels to 1974 to buy a 
comic book at cover price but inadvertently 
disrupts Homer and Marges courtship, 
leading Marge to end up with Artie Ziff 
(guest voice Jon Lovitz) in the all-new 
Treehouse of Horror XXIII

18/Slower+
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :)