ScreenCaps:
 
http://www.postimg.com/image/69000/photo-68404.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/69000/photo-68405.jpg 
http://www.postimg.com/image/69000/photo-68406.jpg

Risen 2 Dark Waters-SKIDROW
Risen 2: Dark Waters (c) Deep Silver

27-04-2012....Release Date - Protection...............SteamCEG
RPG..............Game Type - Disk(s).....................1 DVD9

RELEASE NOTES

Set several years after the end of Risen, raging titans have devastated
the world and pushed humanity to the brink of existence. Subsequently,
monstrous creatures have risen from the watery depths of the sea and
their attacks have brought all seafaring to a grinding halt. The hero,
now a member of the Inquisition, is sent out to find out how to stop
the chaos caused by these creatures from the deep. His quest begins
with rumors that the pirates who frequent the southern islands are the
only ones who know a way to get rid of the creatures once and for all
and end their reign of terror.

With an all-new pirate-based theme, Risen 2: Dark Waters aims to
combine the most loved classic RPG gameplay mechanics of the original
Risen with a fresh theme and setting on a huge variety of themed island
locales. A third-person role-playing game set in a dark and gritty
universe, Risen 2: Dark Waters maintains the most immersive features of
the original Risen, with multiple approaches to every challenge
allowing players to shape the game world based on their own decisions.
These choices will serve to unlock new paths, features and additional
skills for the character. Together with a highly interactive
environment and a full day/night-cycle affecting countless aspects of
the game world, Risen 2 will be set in the most immersive RPG game
world so far.

INSTALL NOTES

2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder into the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy   